Add `osu!(lazer) Updates: Performance Points Now Live` news post (#10862)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-01-30-osulazer-updates-performance-points-now-live.md

    </video>
</div>

Only requiring 95% accuracy for S was a contentious mechanic for these two game modes, which has now been rectified.

The grade requirements in osu!(lazer) are now as follows:

| Grade | osu! / osu!taiko | osu!mania | osu!catch |
| :-: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| SS | 100% | 100% | 100% |
| S | ≥95% (no misses) | ≥95% | ≥98% |
| A | ≥90% | ≥90% | ≥94% |
| B | ≥80% | ≥80% | ≥90% |
| C | ≥70% | ≥70% | ≥85% |

### Menu changes

Federal regulations require us to warn you that this next osu! update... is looking *pretty good*.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <video width="95%" controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/menu-2024.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

There's a lot to unpack in that one video.

- The top toolbar design has been tweaked to use more rounded shapes and different colours.
- The settings panel layout now always shows the section text (previously on hover).
- Icons game-wide have been swapped to new ones.
- The game version text has been removed from the main menu. (It can still be seen at the bottom of settings.)

> - Popup dialogues (such as when saving in the editor or closing the game) have been adjusted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pop-up dialogues (such as when saving in the editor or closing the game) have been adjusted.
```

The plan is to have stable scores be handled by the new pp processor built for lazer, at which point the old one will be switched off and pp will match across client versions.

### Client display

Scores aren't entirely synchronised between client versions:

- Scores set in stable will show in lazer.
- Scores set in lazer will *not* show in stable.

### Website "lazer mode"

You will find a new button in the website's profile dropdown called **lazer mode**.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-01-30-osulazer-updates-performance-points-now-live/lazer-mode.jpg)

- With the checkbox off, nothing changes and everything will be as it ever was.
- With **lazer mode** on, beatmap leaderboards will show both stable and lazer scores, all using lazer scoring.

Regardless of this mode, the rank on your profile and in global leaderboards will include both lazer and stable scores.

### Scores may be reset

The lazer client includes changes to gameplay mechanics that not everyone may be comfortable with, even when performance point leaderboards are live. Whether the majority will accept the new client and move to it is still up in the air.

> If it turns out, based on feedback from the wider playerbase, that game mechanics or game balance need changing in such a way that scores need to be removed, that will be prioritised over keeping scores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it turns out, based on feedback from the wider player base, that game mechanics or game balance need changing in such a way that scores need to be removed, that will be prioritised over keeping scores.
```
playerbase or player base?

Author: both are used online idk
